observe the month of a Beebe and keep
the Passover to the Lord your God for in
the month of a Beebe the Lord your God
brought you out of Egypt by night
therefore you shall sacrifice the
Passover to the Lord your God from the
flock and the herd in the place where
the Lord chooses to put his name you
shall eat no leavened bread with it
seven days you shall eat unleavened
bread with it that is the bread of
affliction for you came out of the land
of Egypt in haste that you may remember
the day in which you came out of the
land of Egypt all of the days of your
life and no leaven shall be seen among
you in all your territory for seven days
nor shall any of the meat which you
sacrifice the first day at twilight
remain overnight until morning
you may not sacrifice the Passover
within any of your gates which the Lord
your God gives you but at the place
where the Lord your God chooses to make
his name abide there you shall sacrifice
the Passover at twilight at the going
down of the Sun at the time you came out
of Egypt and you shall roast and eat it
in the place which the Lord your God
chooses and in the morning you shall
turn and go to your tents six days you
shall eat unleavened bread and on the
seventh day there shall be a sacred
assembly to the Lord your God you shall
do no work on it you shall count seven
weeks for yourself begin to count the
seven weeks from the time you begin to
put the sickle for the grain then you
shall keep the feast of weeks to the
Lord your God in the tribute of a free
will offering from your end
which you shall give as the Lord your
God blesses you you shall rejoice before
the Lord your God you and your son and
your daughter your male servant and your
female servant the Levite who is within
your gates the stranger and the
fatherless and the widow who are among
you at the place where the Lord your God
chooses to make his name abide and you
shall remember that you were a slave in
Egypt and you shall be careful to
observe these statutes
you shall observe the feast of
tabernacles seven days when you have
gathered from your threshing floor and
from your wine press and you shall
rejoice in your feast you and your son
and your daughter your male servant and
your female servant and Levite the
stranger and the fatherless and the
widow who are within your gates seven
days you shall keep a sacred feast to
the Lord your God in the place which the
Lord chooses because the Lord your God
will bless you in all your produce and
in all the work of your hands so that
you surely rejoice three times a year
all your males shall appear before the
Lord your God in the place which he
chooses at the feast of unleavened bread
at the feast of weeks and at the feast
of tabernacles
and they shall not appear before the
Lord empty-handed every man shall give
as he is able according to the blessing
of the Lord your God which he has given
you you shall appoint judges and
officers you know all your gates which
the Lord your God gives you according to
your tribes and they shall judge the
people with just judgment you shall not
pervert justice you shall not show
partiality nor take a bribe or a bribe
blinds the eyes of the wise and twists
the words of the righteous you shall
follow what is altogether just that you
may live and inherit the land which the
Lord your God is giving you you shall
not plant for yourself any tree as a
wooden image near the altar which you
build for yourself to the Lord your God
you shall not set up a secret pillar
which the Lord your God hates
you